Before submitting this file, make sure that there are no more TODO
placeholders remaining in the file (and remove this comment too).

Warmup
------
Q1. The display of the Stack in the debugger uses the labels `top` and `bottom` to mark the two ends of the stack. How are the contents labeled when the Stack contains only one element?
A1: TODO

Q2. For which type of inputs does the function produce a correct result?
A2: TODO

Q3. For which type of inputs does the function go into an infinite loop?
A3: TODO

Q4. What is the bug within `duplicateNegatives` that causes it to get stuck in an infinite loop?
A4: TODO

Q5. What is the value of the variables (as reported in the debugger variable pane) right before the program crashes? What happens if you try to step over the line where the program crashes?
A5: TODO

Maze
-------
Q6. So far in this class, we've passed our data structures by reference. Why do you think `checkSolution` passes `path` by value instead of by reference?
A6: TODO

Q7. After you have written your tests, describe your testing strategy to determine that your checkSolution works as intended.
A7: TODO

Search Engine
-------------
Q8: Draw out the inverted index for the `res/tiny.txt` database file.
A8: TODO

Beyond Algorithmic Analysis
---------------------------
Q9: In a short paragraph, describe a real or plausible scenario not previously presented in lecture in which using techniques like Big-O or Asymptotic Analysis to improve the performance of an algorithm might benefit the environment. Include your thoughts on how a software engineer working on this piece of code might identify such potential benefits and take them into consideration when designing the code.
A9: TODO

Q10: According to the contract that IBM struck with the state of Indiana, the criteria for optimization were improving efficiency of the overall welfare system and reducing fraud. Criteria for reducing wait times and wrongful denials were not included.  However, wrongfully denying benefits has a huge negative  impact on the citizens who rely on the system.  If criteria like minimizing wrongful denials were not included in the contract, should engineers have included them in their optimization algorithm?  Why or why not?
A10: TODO

Q11: Imagine that after completing CS106B you are hired at IBM as an engineer working on this system. How might you have approached designing and setting the goals of this system?  How might you apply algorithmic analysis tools to build a system that achieved  the desired goals? Could you do so in a way that avoids the severe negative impacts on users of the system that are outlined in the case study?
A11: TODO

